FIX: make GRIST_MAX_NEW_USER_INVITES_PER_ORG an env variable (#1454)
gristlabs/grist-core: README.md

| GRIST_INST_DIR                     | path to Grist instance configuration files, for Grist server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| GRIST_LIST_PUBLIC_SITES            | if set to true, sites shared with the public will be listed for anonymous users. Defaults to false.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| GRIST_MANAGED_WORKERS              | if set, Grist can assume that if a url targeted at a doc worker returns a 404, that worker is gone                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | GRIST_MAX_NEW_USER_INVITES_PER_ORG | if set, number if pending users invited to the orgs is maxed to the given value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GRIST_MAX_NEW_USER_INVITES_PER_ORG | if set, maximum number of site/workspace/doc invites to new users before additional requests are blocked (until invited users log in or are uninvited) |
```
